1 What is the name of a French dish made from all sorts of things: different varieties of greens, meat, etc?|
2 What is in the black box is a fake, fake and deception?|
3 The most popular form of urban transport in 19th century London were cabs – hired carriages.
  However, in the second half of the century, a certain invention appeared, which caused violent protests among 
  English cabmen?| 
4 Name and show the item of clothing that was not in the wardrobe of the Romans before they conquered the northern peoples?|
5 This technical novelty appeared in London in 1911, but Londoners were wary of it?|
6 The item in the black box is a masterpiece that was invented in ancient Babylon and has come down to us unchanged. 
  What's it?|
7 Swedish Lake Holmse was polluted by acid rain and industrial waste Environmentalists proposed to restore life in it
  using a large amount of lime. What ingenious way to solve this problem have the local authorities found?|
8 In 1769, residents of American Boston discovered that mail from England to Boston was delivered two weeks later, 
  than from Boston to England. Who was the culprit of this violation?|
9 The great Arab scientist Avicenna. "The first is a knife, the second is a plant, and the third is the main thing..." 
  What kind of tool, according to Avicenna, was the main thing for the doctor?|
10 Once the Chancellor of the German Empire, Bismarck, went hunting in Russia, but at the first pothole,
   the driver dumped the chancellor into the mud At the sight of the chancellor yelling at him, 
   the driver said just one word, and the "iron chancellor" liked it so much that he ordered 
   to engrave it on his family ring, and then often uttered throughout his life. What is this word?|
11 In 1989, he turned 100 years old. The dimensions are the same in three dimensions – 39.17 mm each. 
   It is located at a depth of 9 m underground. What's it?|
12 In the historical center of one capital, not far from the wall of the building, you can see two 
   crosses marking the landing sites. Name this capital?|
13 According to the proverb given by Dahl, a rich man HAS IT with a broom, and a poor man has 
   IT with a wedge. Name IT?|